Text Folder Cleaning (#38)
IllusionMods/KKS-Translation: Translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/action/list/shopinfo/30/30/translation.txt

Hな話題を聞く=Ask for an adult topic
ちょっとアダルトな話題はいかがですか？=How about a topic that's a bit more adulty?
媚薬香水=Aphrodisiac fragrance 

> 香りを嗅ぐと気分がムラムラとしてくる特殊な香水。\n（翌日の一日間、女の子の行動に影響します）=A fragrance that boosts one's libido whenm smelled.\n(Affects the actions of a girl for the next day)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
香りを嗅ぐと気分がムラムラとしてくる特殊な香水。\n（翌日の一日間、女の子の行動に影響します）=A fragrance that boosts one's libido when smelled.\n(Affects the actions of a girl for the next day)
```
or even just
```suggestion
香りを嗅ぐと気分がムラムラとしてくる特殊な香水。\n（翌日の一日間、女の子の行動に影響します）=A fragrance that boosts one's libido.\n(Affects the actions of a girl for the next day)
```

Author: I'll use the second one

利尿剤=Diuretic drug
飲むと頻繁にトイレに行きたくなる薬。\n（翌日の一日間、女の子の行動に影響します）=A drug that makes you want to go to the toilet.\n(Affects the actions of a girl for the next day)
発汗剤=Diaporetic drug

> 飲むと発汗が促進され、頻繁にシャワーやお風呂に行きたくなる薬。\n（翌日の一日間、女の子の行動に影響します）=A drug that increases sweating, thus making you want to go to the shower or bath more often.\n(Affects the actions of a girl for the next day)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
飲むと発汗が促進され、頻繁にシャワーやお風呂に行きたくなる薬。\n（翌日の一日間、女の子の行動に影響します）=A drug that increases sweating, thus making you want to bathe more often.\n(Affects the actions of a girl for the next day)
```
